Integrity constraints are used to ensure accuracy and consistency of data in a relational database. 
Data integrity is handled in a relational database through the concept of referential integrity. 
Many types of integrity constraints play a role in referential integrity (RI).

Primary Key Constraints
Primary key is the term used to identify one or more columns in a table that make a row of data unique. 
Although the primary key typically consists of one column in a table, more than one column can comprise the primary key. 
For example, either the employee's Social Security number or an assigned employee identification number 
is the logical primary key for an employee table. The objective is for every record to have a 
unique primary key or value for the employee's identification number. Because there is probably 
no need to have more than one record for each employee in an employee table, the employee identification
 number makes a logical primary key. The primary key is assigned at table creation.
 
Unique Constraints
A unique column constraint in a table is similar to a primary key in that the value in that column for every 
row of data in the table must have a unique value. Although a primary key constraint is placed on one column, 
you can place a unique constraint on another column even though it is not actually for use as the primary key.

Foreign Key Constraints
A foreign key is a column in a child table that references a primary key in the parent table. 
A foreign key constraint is the main mechanism used to enforce referential integrity between tables in a relational database.
 A column defined as a foreign key is used to reference a column defined as a primary key in another table.
 
NOT NULL Constraints
Previous examples use the keywords NULL and NOT NULL listed on the same line as each column and after the data type. 
NOT NULL is a constraint that you can place on a table's column. This constraint disallows the entrance of NULL values into a column; 
in other words, data is required in a NOT NULL column for each row of data in the table. NULL is generally the default for
 a column if NOT NULL is not specified, allowing NULL values in a column.
 
Check Constraints
Check (CHK) constraints can be utilized to check the validity of data entered into particular table columns. 
Check constraints are used to provide back-end database edits, although edits are commonly found in the front-end application as well. 
General edits restrict values that can be entered into columns or objects, whether within the database itself or on a front-end application. 
The check constraint is a way of providing another protective layer for the data.

Dropping Constraints
Any constraint that you have defined can be dropped using the ALTER TABLE command with the DROP CONSTRAINT option. 
For example, to drop the primary key constraint in the EMPLOYEES table, you can use the following command:

